https://codepen.io/BadWolf673/full/yLYLwaw

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	provides meaning so people and computers can understand

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	Structure for websites

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
 	a modifier of an html element

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	main title of the page that search engines look for, you should only have one.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	img and style

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
	 css or link to css sheet, title of page, meta tags

    7. What is an id?
	attribute that specifies a unique name for an element so it can be reffered to in css or JS
 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	any element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
	once
 
    10. What is a class?
	attribute that specifies a group for an element so it can be reffered to in css or JS
 
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
	any elements
 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	multiple/as many times as you need to
 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	target='_blank,

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
	 displays text for when the img can't be displayed, also used for screen readers

    15. How do I reference an id?
	#idname

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	section is semantic and div is not

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	adding styles to html/making it look pretty and making the website feel reactive

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2 { }   

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	class is for when you need to change multiple elements at once and id is for a single one.
	example: your want 3 out of 6 <p> tags to have a grey blackground so you give those paragraphs the same class. 
	another <p> tag you want a green background so you give it an id so you can call on it without effecting the other <p> tags

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.classname

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p .human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
	used to select elements that are nested in other elements. Usefull when you want different styles 
	to similar elements that are nested in different elements. 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div.sidebar a {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	keyword you add to selector that specifies a specfic state. 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-scpacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform:

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {1px dotted black;}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	*

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* words go here */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
	~not sure you can be in a "file" while in command line~ but the folder is listed at the top 
	and you can do ls to show files in that folder while git status shows you the repo you are working on. 
	
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm 'filename'  you have to be careful because it doesn't alert you before deleting 
	and there is no trash bin.

    34. Why should I use version control?
	so you can recall older versions in case somthing goes wrong.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	as often as you need to, usualy after any changes are made.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
	git push origin 'branchname'
 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	fork -> add collab -> clone -> branch -> do your stuff -> commit and push -> pull-request 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	block element starts a new line, inline does not. also block extends full width of page and inline is only 
	extents as far as the tag reaches.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
	 takes the item from the normal position and makes it's referance point the top-left of nearest container.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	Margin:auto;
	
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	block: <p> <div> <h1>
	inline: <a> <strong>
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
	the box model is how everything is layed out, which includes the fact that each element has its own Margin, border, and padding surroundnig it. 
	we can use box-sizing: border-box; to include content,padding,and border in the width and height properties.
